# Results

## Data Imputation to Fill Out the Final Dataset
Data imputation was performed to create a complete set of 22 observations.

## Dimensional Reduction using Principal Component Analysis
Principal Component Analysis was applied to account for the wide range of scales within the data. Of the 12 generated PCs from the 13 selected predictors being, 'HCT', 'FIB', 'CHOL', 'TRIG', 'HDL', 'LDL', 'WBC', 'RBC', 'HEM', 'MCV', 'MCH', 'MCHC', the first 6 PCs were utilized in further methods. Figure s2_003 highlights that 90% of the variance is contained with-in the first 6 components. To further invegtigate the connection between the first two components figure s2_004 highlights the influence that the 13 predictors have on these two components. PC1 explains 30.9% while PC2 explains 20.9% of the variance. figure s2_005 shows which predictors have the most influence on the specified PC. Each value representing the feature contribution to the PC being that the a large value postivly contributes to the component while a small values negativly contyributes to a component. For our purpose it allows us to see which predictors are influening a component.

PC1 has positive contributions from RBC, HCT, and HEM, while PC2 has positive contributions from CHOL, LDL, and MCH. Further PCs such as PC3 have positive contributions from TRIG and FIB.

## Correlations of PCs with Rheological Features
To investigate the influence that the various PCs have on a specific rheological feature, $r^2$ were utilzed as a predictive measure to asscess the correlations of the PCs. figure s3_007 highlights the correlation of each PC on each rheological feature. The most significant correlation being PC2 vs $\mu_0$ and PC4 vs $\sigma_{\gamma^0}$. 



## Gaussian process regression on PCs

